# GoTools
All of the tools I used to rip and decrypt goanimate assets, + some misc. stuff.
## Programs
- GoAnimate Ripper: Tool used to rip assets from GoAnimate.
- GoAnimate Ripper CC: Tool used to rip character creator assets from GoAnimate (code is bad).
- GoAnimate Ripper FreeAction CC: Obsolete; used to rip free actions, however this functionality was merged into Ripper CC.
- GO4: A mass RC4 decryptor.
- GO4CC: A mass RC4 decrpytor for CC themes (probably has bad code).
- Build Tracker: Small tool created to find and download builds of GoAnimate left on servers by mistake.
## History
I like, when I'm going back to my old stuff, to write a reflective piece on what exactly is going on here, because I'm a bit crazy with GoAnimate history and I do think my individual impact is fun to talk about, so here you go. These were a set of tools I wrote all the way back in 2019, when I was just 13. Back then, I was kindof a GoAnimate isolationist. I was never involved in the community heavily, infact I was scared of talking to people on the internet. However I was always making little projects, because I wanted to understand what made GoAnimate tick. I wrote requestly codes to make copying characters work, I wrote codes that let me create fully custom themes, new compositebgs.. It's staggering to think about how ahead of the curve I was on some things, and that reaches it's apex with my biggest project. This is Ripper. I knew what was happening, GoAnimate was destined to die, so I had a plan. What I wanted to do was download all the assets, and then crack their encryption so I could animate with them externally. With that, I created these programs. I've said before that I "created them for GoTest334", but I think I actually misremembered, I created them BEFORE I joined GoTest334, at least the first one, however I did use them during the GoTest334 era. On the site, that rip of Comedy World? That was something I did. During the GoTest era, I also found the modern key (I think memory_001 found legacy?). Anyways after all that was said and done, I found out about GoAnimate Wrapper, and while I respected their efforts, I thought it was naïve, because while yes, it did preserve the API, it failed to consider what would happen without the assets, so I booted these scripts up one last time, to create what became the asset repo. After that we're pretty much at the present. At some point, I decided I wanted to continue working on Ripper but I decided it was best to refocus on one people.. actually knew how to use, so I made Ripper 2, for FlashThemes, but i've later updated it for modders to use.
## Usage
Don't. Use [Ripper 2](https://github.com/ItsJayPM/GoAnimateRipper2).
